About time we started adding
a little bit of game logic.
And the first thing we want to do
is define the levels of our game.
Because we have three different levels,
we've got easy, medium and hard, and
those are gonna have different grid sizes,
different durations,
different sets of emojis, and so on.
And so it's a good thing to get that
roughed out before we go any further.
So I'm gonna create a new
module called levels.ts.
And I'm gonna start by defining
an interface for my level.
So this is some TypeScript.
If you're not familiar with TypeScript,
then this might seem a little alien, but
this is just basically saying what
the shape of a level should be.
Export interface level,
we're gonna have a few
different properties here.
We're gonna have a label,
that's where we're going to put easy,
medium, hard, and so on.
We're gonna have a size, which is the
horizontal or vertical size of the grid.
So the easy mode,
we're going to have a 4x4.
For it to be matching pairs,
it needs to be even numbers, so
we can't have a 5x5 grid, so medium will
be 6x6, and then hard is gonna be 8 by 8.
So that's the number.
We'll give each level a duration,
the number of milliseconds that
you have to complete the level.
And each level is gonna
get its own set of emojis.
All right, this syntax right
here means an array of strings.
It's a shorthand way of doing this,
those two things are equivalent.
Okay, so we'll create our first level, and
then we can come back later and
do the others, export const levels.
And this is going to be an array of these
level objects that we just defined.
The first one is gonna be easy,
It's gonna have a size of four.
It's going to have a duration of,
let's say, one minute.
We can dial this down later
by doing some play testing.
If it's too easy or
too hard, we can change it.
And then the tricky bit is
getting the emojis in here.
There's a bunch of places where
you could get a list of images or
you could like manually type them all out.
But for the sake of this workshop,
we actually have a list
of emojis available here.
If you go to ematchi.vercel.app/gist,
it will redirect you to
something I made earlier.
You can just copy and
paste these into your levels.ts file.
If you take the easy one, just copy
that and then put it inside that string,
and then put .split on
the space character there.
All right, that's gonna give us
an array of emojis that we can use.